Alright. At this point, we've
implemented two methods and what I
thought I'd do is take a quick look at
these. So this is the Swagger document of
what we're going against. So we have the
GET categories and also GET by id. So one
does List, one does by id. Let's go
ahead and start our application. So we
ran our unit test against it, which is
great. But it's also good to go out and
do a functional test. And for right now,
I'm just gonna demonstrate this using
postman. So we have our application
started up. Let's come over here and I
actually pasted that in. So we're just
gonna go ahead and send that. And we can
see that we did in fact get our
categories back from the database. And
just to recap there, this is going
against this getallCategories() method
and it's returning that right out of our
database. So just to refresh, we are
running a H2 in-memory database. Loading
that up with Spring Data JPA. And now, we
are getting fetching that data right
from the database. If you remember, we did
configure it. Configured this Bootstrap
class that gives us these categories. So
we are getting a REST response round
trip from the database. And now, we can
come up here and change this. Let's do
fresh. You can see that we are
getting the id value back. So a little
bit different here. I'm got to move this out
of the way. Go back over here to Chrome.
And what they've done here is they are
giving us some additional metadata on
this and that's something that we can look
at implementing in the future for a paging
limit information. That is a nice
touch. I hope that we can implement that
in the future video. And then,
the other thing here is that they're
giving us a nice reference there. If
you remember, I said there's really no
standards yet for that metadata and when
we get to using Spring Data JPA.
We'll take a closer look at that. There
is a way to easily implement hateos or
HATEOS. Some people say to get us these
URI's.
I'm going to demonstrate that in a future
video. But for right now, I think what
we're doing is pretty good. I'm pretty
happy with this little REST API. So we
can come out and change that, and right
now, it only supports JSON, but we'll get
into multiple media types in the future
video. But I'm pretty happy at the
little API is working now.